good morning and welcome to vlogmas day
4 okay so I'm just gonna quickly open my
advent calendar is this honest look some
carolers Christmas tree in the center of
town room is extremely messy the first
thing I'm a to-do list is to tidy it
[Music]
now I was just singing on the National
Secular society for example in the news
page where they just put kind of all
these religion news stories so sometimes
I just scroll through that because I
think it's quite interesting and I was
looking today for some current events
but on their websites they are
advertising this events reclaiming
religious freedoms so I have decided to
books and tickets and student tickets
only ten pounds
[Music]
okay so I have just done some current
events research and I have finally come
up with the thing that I want to the
story I want to follow for this wiki
entry so I've done that I've sent an
email that I needed to send um it was
basically regarding this magazine which
looks really really cool so I'm actually
gonna do a load of laundry now I'm gonna
do a dark laundry right now but I think
there's a bit too much in this I'm gonna
have to sort it into two piles and then
wash the ones that I actually really
want to wear now
[Music]
I'm done okay so what I'm doing now is
just watching the second half of a
lecture on can't which I missed so
basically I went to the lecture I
watched the first half and I was feeling
so ill that I actually could not
concentrate this was so this was last
week and as I've said not the cold the
toilet rollers for the coals as I've
mentioned I've been feeling very under
the weather recently almost like fatigue
but not I went to this lecture and I
just felt like my headache was too bad I
felt so dizzy I actually just could not
focus so rather than sit there and not
let anything go in I decided to I went I
told my lecture halfway through I'm
really sorry but do you mind if I leave
and so I'm gonna catch up on the lecture
now I didn't want to leave because
obviously I was there by that point but
I just couldn't concentrate and I knew
that it wasn't a good use of my time so
I went back to my room and I went to
sleep then they wake up the next morning
and I reviewed the lecture slides from
the bit I'd been there for but I haven't
gone over the bit that I missed yet so
I'm gonna do that now here is my house
by the way washing the laundry is in
85 minutes okay so I'm meeting my friend
Rachel at 11:30 and it's 10:40 but my
laundry isn't going to be ready for an
hour so um it's gonna be ready to take
out ten minutes after we're supposed to
leave so now I don't know what to do I
didn't realize it'd be 85 minutes I
thought it was usually 60 what I'm gonna
do first is I'm going to pack and then
I'm gonna finish the count lecture
[Music]
wait
so Rachel and I are currently here at
the Christmas market and this is for
each of you over there they go through
today and she's very very nice scarf
yeah we're let's go rachel is a yellow
person
[Music]
Oh
oh my god where I was from way it's
really nice we'll be fine I basically I
said it changes to last night I was
gonna come in full of a flash like white
flesh what yeah you could say I said if
it did to Jade like hey like do you
think this is maybe like 250 shoes that
yeah maybe it's majors coming in like a
Christmas jumper did wear a dress no
because the whole the whole theme was
Ghulam and so the fact that he was
coming at Christmas like what to me was
I would have worn it I would have gone
all diamond like encrusted dress we
don't all come in like like literally
long dress if we only took photos with
us three you just assume the whole event
was like that we wouldn't even be up
everyone else energy and it uses you out
you zoom out of the photo and it's just
I don't know
[Music]
[Laughter]
well let's I did not and then the not
can we get like shoulder and shoulder
you'll just see looks nice like a trail
to ieave his bed oh my god I'm good
hey guys yeah I always do that of the
stock so I always forget right okay
there are so many cameras in this room
so I feel a lot of pressure and it looks
like so good try not to smile I need you
to otherwise I can't see where your
cheeks are oh my god this is oh my god
this is so nice and now you're a glowy
queen look at that glitz and glam I knew
you had it in you really mean what can I
say I'm just wanting more of myself
layer when doing the powder she said
honey
we're about to be run over yeah hey you
know they've stopped they stopped the
blog if I get run over a frame yangsun
I'll do it for you I've never got dumb
ways to die
I'm feeling weak I didn't like that
[Music]
it's really nope it is a beautiful
so since they thank you so much for
watching
vlog miss day three three is it no four
oh my gosh December isn't it thank you
for watching vlogmas day 4 I really hope
that you enjoyed and I hope that you
have a productive week